# Meeting Log
This file is for keeping track of our meetings and things discussed. Currently our meetings are biweekly via Discord.

## Team Meeting 9/19
**WHEN:** Tuesday, September 19th @ 3:35 PM
<br>
**PURPOSE:** First team meeting, role assignment, setup
<br>
**ATTENDANCE:** (all team members present) Pashia Vang, Anya Combs, Marco Martinez Reyez, Edgar Mendez Cano, Mikey Cauthon, Blake Jesse

Before this meeting, we assigned Pashia as administrator and she made a Github. All other team members were assigned team roles during this meeting.

**ROLES:**
- Pashia (administrator/project lead)
- Anya (deputy administrator/notetaker)
- Marco (quality assurance)
- Mikey (devops engineer)
- Edgar and Blake (software engineers)

Marco had to leave early due to needing to attend his lab. We were originally communicating via a group chat, but decided to move to Discord for easier logging. Anya created a Discord during the meeting.

We didn’t decide on a team name just yet, settling on “House Plant” as the team name for now.

## Team Meeting 9/20
**WHEN:** Wednesday, September 20th @ 6:10 PM
<br>
We got into a Discord call to work on the project management document together. We decided on what to use for the base data structure and did some basic edits to the document.
We also decided to mainly use Discord as our mode of communication, as it is easier to catch up than in a group chat.

Pashia is going to manage the majority of the document, so we left off after that. Pashia will send the rest of the team the completed document for review before submission.

## Team Meeting 10/04
**WHEN:** Wednesday, October 4th @ 6:00 PM
<br>
**PURPOSE:** Introduce and catch up Mick as well as work on the software requirements specifications.
<br>
**ATTENDANCE:** All team members present, as well as new member Mick Torres. Mikey came in about 30 minutes late.

We had another Discord call. The first part of the call was to introduce Mick to the group and make sure that everyone was in the Github, Jira, and able to access the documents. Mick was assigned as another software engineer. The software engineers began to work on the Software Requirements Specifications document.

We assigned who should do what work on the SRS document. Pashia and Anya were assigned to section one, Marco was assigned to use-case specifications, Mikey was assigned to supplementary requirements, and the rest of the work was to be divided among the software engineers.

We ended the meeting at 6:50 PM.

## Team Meeting 11/1
**WHEN:** Wednesday, November 1st @ 6:00 PM
<br>
**PURPOSE:** Talk about the architecture document and other deliverables
<br>
**ATTENDANCE:** Pashia Vang, Anya Combs, Marco Martinez Reyez, Edgar Mendez Cano

Another Discord meeting. We talked about the architecture slides from the previous class, due to members missing class yesterday. Pashia created the shared document and we did some task assignment. Pashia and Anya will work on the User Manual, Marco will work on the Test Cases, and the software engineers will be covering Implementation and the majority of the Software Architecture document.

Due to people not being able to attend, we moved the more comprehensive meeting back to a later date. Meeting ended at 6:20 PM.

## Team Metting 11/05
**WHEN:** Sunday, November 5th @ 6:00 PM
<br>
**PURPOSE:** Talk about the architecture document
<br>
**ATTENDANCE:** All team members

Discord call meeting to assign roles for architecture and talk about the other deliverables. Pashia and Anya were assigned to do the introductions for most documents, and Mikey will oversee most of the tasks in general. Mikey will be checking to make sure the architecture document is going smoothly. Pashia will contact the TA to figure out what specifically needs to be added to the requirements document.

The software engineers will work on the architecture document throughout the week.
